There's nothing left for us anymore, the days have gone by, and we've sat by, watching them go by, right in front of our eyes. 
I know that some of you might've lost hope, might've lost the purpose that motivates you, but still, we cannot keep wailing like this.
Like munchkins and shrimps on land, watching the beauty he was never gifted with, as slowly, life retreats back into the corner it came from,
slowly, but surely. 

But you know what? The shrimp got to see something he NEVER GOT TO SEE. He'd never imagined his whole life, that there was land above where he lived,
that there were flowers, and trees, and  grass, and light. He had sacrificed everything to catch a glimpse of the world he had never been destined to
see, yet others, unlike him, are not even capable of daring to put their foot onto the other side. 

Some, at times, may get to set foot on the forgotten neverland, yet some others, drown before they even hold their breath. The ancient Vikings had 
believed that if you died in battle, you'd die an honourable man and would go to Valhalla, the highest honor possible. Are you all really going to
die, before you try?

I believe that it's not about who we are remembered as, but who we will be forgotten as, what will be the last, lingering thought about us be. I 
think that is what sends you to Valhalla. 

Before the children close their storybooks, what will you be forgotten as? The heros that saved the world? Or will you be forgotten long before your
story even gets told. 

The last stand that we hold here, it will ensure generations for the people behind us. A second we last here, a minute is earned for them. Another
minute that we stand, another hour they shall stand. If we fight for an hour here, they will be ensured a day more. When the sun sets on us, we'll 
have already fought a week for the ones that we protect. 

So let's give them a month, no a year. Even better, a decade, a century, another history book to write about! Let's be forgotten... forever, as
the last ones who had remained standing, the last ones who pushed through the darkness, charged head on into the enemy, and finally, against all odds,
won the war. Except we won't be so lucky as to win, but we'll at least get to the point where they'll talk about us for centuries. Think about it!

This is our chance. To go down in history! I always thought I'd go down in history for that pathetic arm I made. I guess this is also a viable route.

Let's protect the light. Protect the light, so that shadows may stem from it again, so that the world can be seen in beautiful colors.

So that we can dream about for the rest of eternity in peace. And let's hope that one day, we'll get to live and experience the life that we wanted,
that we would've chosen, and given us pleasure. 