I've always dreamt about doing something big, about expanding the boundaries of reality, but I was never able to actually do it.
I was never able to see the other side in reality. It's hard to write this in words, but I'll try my best. 

Sometimes, just occasionally, you can see things that you're not supposed to. When the time is right, and the conditions are met, 
sometimes, just by strokes of luck, the reality around you will begin to crackle. Leaving behind only a tiny crack, one that's just
big enough for the eye to perceive the other world behind that wall, that barrier of reality. It only occurs as a flash, a tiny
moment when time seems to stop, and everything around you seems to slow down. The moment passes by so fast, yet it leaves an imprint
in the mind, a reminder that there are, indeed, things that stretch far beyond our imaginations. Those who've seen it can never forget
what it looks like, what it feels like. The other side is not just another world, it's another concept of existence, another 
possibility. It can confuse and undo everything we've learned from the beginning of civilization till now, and that's why it's so
unforgettable. There's no words that can adequately describe the other side, as they exist beyond our current knowledge. Those
who refuse it's existence for its sheer unbelievableness, I don't blame them, it's hard to see things too far beyond the walls of
our own ignorance and stupidity. Knowledge isn't always a gift, sometimes it can curse you, it can hurt you. It can control you, make you hurt
the people around you, make you do unreasonable things. Knowledge isn't always a gift, those who can't handle it, will only turn into
its prey. I don't say this to scare you. I've encountered some victims of knowledge before. A person can go crazy if they know too much,
and if you ask me what is worse than death, the only answer I can give you, is to be trapped inside the mind another being, to be tormented
and to suffer for an eternity. Knowledge is like an opponent, it can either make you, or break you. If you're strong enough, you can overcome
it, but if you're too weak, too fragile, too ignorant, you'll only be consumed by it. if this was already how strong knowledge was in our world,
then the only question left to ask is : "How powerful is the knowledge from beyond our limits?". 